GANGQIN PRIVACY POLICY
We are a data controller and are responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your "personal data" (which has the meaning as set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (the "Data Protection Laws")).

When you use Ganqin app,  app or other apps (each being, our "Platform"), we will collect, store and process certain personal data. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") sets out the basis on which the personal data collected from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand how we will use your personal data. For Data Protection Laws in the UK, we are the controller of your personal data.

WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND PROCESS?
When you visit our Platform, you may provide us with the following types of personal data, and we may collect and process such personal data in accordance with his Privacy Policy, as follows:
Contact Data: This may include your name and your email address. This information will be collected by us if you communicate with us, for example if you use the links on our Platform to communicate with us via email.
Account Data: If you create an account on our Platform (including the creation of a Ganqin ID) to benefit from our services, you may need to provide your name, email address, phone number and your photograph. If you use Facebook or Google to login to our Platform, Facebook [or Google] will share data with us including but not limited to your profile data, language, location and publicly available information about you and your friends.
Correspondence Data: This includes the information you provide when you request support through our Platform, contact us via the email address provided in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on our website and your views, opinions and feedback which you choose to provide in relation to the Platform and our services, including any comment facilities and message boards.
User Content: When you use our Karaoke app, this includes the videos you create (e.g. of you performing songs) and upload to our Platform. When you use our Beat Maker Go app, this includes audio recordings you upload to the Platform. By providing such User Content you acknowledge that we may make it available to other users of the Platform until you delete your account on our Platform.
Session Data: This includes your IP address, your device¡¯s unique identifier details, browser details including version, device operating system, geo-location, time zone setting and time/date of access requests, the amount of data transmitted and the requesting provider. We may also capture other information about visits to our Platform such as pages viewed and traffic patterns.
Cookie Data: Cookies are small files which are downloaded to your device when accessing our platform. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Please refer to paragraph 4 below for further details about our use of cookies.
Preference data: This includes any information you choose to provide us, such as your musical preferences relating to genres and artists.
Payment data: When you purchase a subscription or any in-app content, you provide our payment processor with your payment information. We do not store such information on our servers.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We use your personal data in the following ways:
We use your Contact Data to:
respond to communications that you send to us. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests; and
market products and services to you only where you have requested that we do so, or otherwise provided your explicit consent (either via our website, by emailing us or by accepting push notifications on your device). The legal basis for such processing is that you have consented to us doing so; and
for customer relationship management ("CRM") purposes;
i. additionally, we may request access to your device¡¯s contacts for the purposes of enabling social functionality, such as giving you the option to follow your contacts on the Platform.
We use your Account Data to:
enable you to personalise your use of our services;
enable you to save and maintain your profile and administer your account with us; and
enable us to identify you.
The legal basis for such processing is for the performance of the contract between you and us.

We use your Correspondence Data to help address issues you raise with us and to improve the Platform and our services. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests.
We use your User Content to:
enable you to use our Platform and services. The legal basis for such processing is for the performance of the contract between you and us; and
share the User Content with other users of the Platform by making it available on the Platform. The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest.
We use your Session Data to administer, maintain and improve the Platfor